---
layout: post
title: Hamilton X-Wind Limited
subtitle:
author: Patrick
categories: [Modern, watch]
image: assets/images/Hamilton.jpg
featured: true
---

The watch featured is a Hamilton X-Wind Limited Edition. Hamilton company is celebrating 100 years of airmail service. Back in May 15, 1918, the first airmail service flight took place between Washington and New York. This flight officially established the airmail service in the United States. Mail service was contractual between the postal service and the operators of whatever means of transportations the post used. The US, did not have any commerical airlines at the time, so the airmail service was carried out by air force pilots. The first airmail service flight delivered 4 bags of mail including a letter from the Postmaster Washington to the Postmaser of New York. President Wilson placed the letter into one of the bags himself. This day also marked another memorable moment; the start of Hamilton's history with aviation. 

To mark this special occasion, each crew member recieved a new wrist watch from Hamilton in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. So for years after that Hamilton advertised their watches as "The Watch of Aeroplane Accuracy" referring to the flight on May 15, 1918. The cost of the Hamilton watch is roughly €2,250. Which is not too bad. I am not too crazy about the watch band but that can be changed out. I am partial to leather bands and there are some good companies that produce quality leather bands. So the first thing and only thing I would do with this watch is change out the band. *KEEP ON TICKING!*
