---
layout: post
title:  "Dungeons & Dragons"
subtitle: Lost Mine of Phandelver G1
author: Patrick
categories: [ Gaming, Fantasy ]
image: assets/images/Dragon2.jpg
featured: true
dragon: true
---

***Texas Dungeon Crawlers***

***This our 2nd Game that we played on Saturday morning June 16, 2018.***

***Main Characters:*** Nightscar (Dragonborn Paladin), Darra Lighttouch (Halfing Cleric), KenKann Kilallott (Half Orc Fighter), Elmendorf (Half Elf Wizard), Brinklehoff (Gnome Bard)

***Dungeon Master*** = "Weighted Dice"

***Game started at 08:10 and ended at 10:56***

This was Texas Dungeon Crawler Group 1 second game. This game was more detailed so I was using the recording of the game to help me with some of the parts that I missed. But the audio part of the recording did not work completely throughout the whole game. There are a lot of areas that the audio did not record. It took me awhile to figure out what happened. I think I figured out a better way. I am going to try a different way next game. I am going to add a section of the game to a youtube channel. There is a section that the audio did work. 


So now the GM is telling us that we see a Goblin run off down a trial injured leaving a trial of blood. Nighscar says we need to be careful following to closely so he does not lead us to a trap. GM says we catch the Goblin and he is dying. Nighscar says he is trying to get information but GM says he speaks Goblin and we don’t understand. So Elemendorf says lets take him prisoner. So we tie him up to our wagon. GM says the trail goes up Northish. Nighscar asked for a map. GM says “nope”. 

08:16,GM says the path is narrow and will only allow passage in single file. So we are setting up our formation:
Nightscar, Darra, Brinklehoff, Elemendorf and KenKann. 

08:20 GM asked Nighscar for a Perception check. Rolled a 19-1 = 18. GM says while walking down the trail you noticed a little heap of dirt. Nightscar thinks it is trap. Brinklehoff asked if a survival check be used and the GM says you can walk up to it. GM says it is a snare trap after Brinklehoff looked at it. Nightscar says we are going to go around it. 

GM says about 10 minutes into the path is when we saw the snare trap. Had to do another perception check. Rolled 11-1=10. Had to do a Dexterity check 4-1=3. I went into a trap and lost 3 HP. Brinklehoff has night vision and asked if he can look down to see how deep it is. GM says it is not deep and has no spikes, so I was able jump out. GM says we see a clearing up ahead.

Nightscar says we move forward.  No we see a mpa the GM put up. We come up to a large cave 5 miles from the ambush. A narrow path leads on the right hand side of the stream. 08:28 Elmendorf keeps having problems with voice on. Nightscar ask what shall we do? GM says I can give you guys experience points now. Elemendorf ask if we have enough food and water. GM says yes. Darra asked why are we getting experience points and GM says because you reached a milestone discovering the cave entrance. 08:31 GM says he has to make some adjustments since there are more people in the party then we are suppose to have. He gave us 60XP so now we have 100xp. We are having discussion that Brinklehoff started about short rest and getting HP back. GM said, Darra didn’t we read something about this. Billy says he read that somewhere so now he is reading up on it. Darra says your number hit dice is equal to your level. Darra says that Brinklehoff was right about the Hit dice. You can roll your HD when doing a short rest. GM tells Brinklehoff that it was very good research on his part. GM remembers now that you can use your HD during a short rest. But you don’t get them back until a long rest. I am not going to take my HD right now. GM says while we are deciding ARROWS are coming out of the woods at us. A Goblin is attacking us. Both Goblins is getting an attack on us. Darra says everyone gets an initiative roll. We are all rolling. Flying from the bushes is an arrow staringt at KenKann, it lands in the water. They are shooting west of us. GM says the next arrow is heading toward Elmendorf, roll is a miss. GM says now we begin the actual order. GM says another arrow is headed to KenKann, but the arrow gets stuck in the bushes. KenKann is up next. GM asked if we can see the Goblin’s on the map and we said no. GM says good, you are not suppose to right now. He draws an arrow showing us the direction. Darra asked if GM could open the map since KenKann is charging. GM opens the map. KenKann is right above two Goblins. KenKann is using Battleaxe going after Goblin 3. Hit 18 + 5 = 23, Damage 10, Dying. GM asked if that was the last of his moves. Next up is Elmendorf, Elmendorf is asking if I can use Magic Missile without moving, GM says yes because missiles hit automatically. Elemendorf rolls and 4 + 1= 5,  Goblin 2 is dead now.  GM says he has the NPC randomly numbered so you never know if there is one hiding, Brinklehoff had asked, he said he thought there was three so GM explained why you cannot see the numbers now. Brinklehoff says he noticed that Nightscar has low perception. Brinklehoff says that he needs to be up front since his perception is better. GM agreed but caution that if you are surprised attacked that would not be good for you. Darra has positive on perception also. Darra should go up front since he has good stats. GM says that we are walking and we the passage narrows and we hear snarling and the stench is terrible like dead bodies. KenKann is up front, then Darra, Nightscar, Brinklehoff and Elemndorf. We see three wolves that are chained to Stagmites. The wolves are going crazy chained up when they see KenKann. They are tugging but cannot reach KenKann. Brinklehoff  says he has animal handling maybe he can calm the doggies down, saying calm down doggies. GM says step up front and do an animal handling check , he rolls 1 + 3 = 4. GM says you fell down and you look the most tender piece of meat they have ever seen. Darra now wants to, GM is making a roll for the wolves. GM tells Darra to go ahead. GM says the wolves are tuggin on the chains pretty hard. Brinklehoff says that he is going to walk back and try to regain his composure. (0:58:57). Brinklehoff goes back into formation. GM opens the cave and the three wolves broke from the chain because we took to long. We lost our surprise attack because we took too long. We rolled initiative. Brinklehoff is first so he is going to use vicious mockery, GM says you are not in line of sight, Brinklehoff says he is going to move, he is just talking out loud. He is going to target to the closet wolf, Darra says wolf five. Brinklehoff rolls but the wolf succeeded. Nightscar misses at wolf 5. Wolf 5 takes a lunging bite at KenKann, It is a hit, Wounded. Darra is up, Darra is going to heal because of all the blood being gushed. She is going to use spell scared flame (1:09:09, need to listen better), rolls and the wolf fails but Darra only rolls a one, but is wounded. Wolf 9 is next; is moving in on Kenkann, rolls and misses on the biting attack. Elemendorf, is going to use the chill touch (1:10:59), doing it on Wolf 5, Hit, Status: Heavy). Darra says that is 8 points the wolf has taken. Elemendorf says that the hand clings on him but it does not hold him to the ground, DM was asking. Wolf 11; running over to attack Nighscar, it is a Miss, GM says he jumps up and bounces right off my armor. KenKann is next; swinging with his Battleaxe, Hit, 11 + 5 = 16, DM wants to know what the +5 is for, Darra is looking to tell him, +2 for proficiency and strength which is +3. DM says I believe you, just couroius, sounds cool, KenKann kills wolf 5. Brinklehoff is intimating wolf 11, he took his psychic damage, looses (1:15:36 listen to it). Wolf 11 is wounded. Brinklehoff is going to inspire Nighscar (1:16:55). (1:20:22, Brinklehoff is reading what inspire will do). (look at 1:23:50 for my roll on the wolf where I declared), Darra is up; using scared flame, hit, damage 2. Wolf 9 turn, taking a bite at KenKann and misses again. Elmendorf is going to try the same cantrip on wolf 11 (1:25:56), cast chill touch, it is a miss. Wolf 11 hits on Nighscar and damage is heavy.  KenKann is attacking Wolf 11 with Battleaxe, but is is a miss. Brinklehoff gave me 3 HP healing me. I killed wolf 11 with a 4 + 3 = 7 and gave 7 Damage. Then I moved right up to Wolf 9, Darra is up but Wolf 9 succeeds. Wolf 9 is attacking KenKann and hits, wounded Heavy with 7 points of damage. Elemendorf using chill touch on wolf 9. DM says remember about disengaging. KenKann attacking Wolf 9 but misses.  Brinklehoff is going to intimate the wolf 9. Does damage to Wolf 9. Nighscar hits for 1 + 3 = 4 and damage of 4, Wolf 9 is heavy wounded. Darra rolls but Wolf 9 succeeds. Wolf 9 attacks Nighscar with a disadvantage, attack roll, it is a miss. Elmendorf is next, she is going to do the same cantrip, chill touch, hit  10 + 4 = 14, damage of 4, the wolf is dead. Darra says lets take a short rest, but Brinklehoff says is it safe to do that. The GM says you may want to check and see if it is safe first. GM says that there is a narrow opening in the east wall that leads to a natural chimney (1:37:40). Rubbish and rocks but goes up about 30’ up. Nighscar says lets do a short rest and GM says you can do a short rest. (1:39:30), working on healing KenKann during  our short rest. KenKann is going to try to use his HD, 1d10 plus 3 on constitution modifier. Brinklehoff  says Potion of healing is not that good (1:41:14). (1:42:45 still discussing the Hit Dice). Debating between Potion of healing and Hit Dice. KenKann rolls and recovers 11 HP. He hit the HD and it automatically gave him the +3 modifier. I rolled the HD for me and it gave me 5 HP back and I recovered fully. GM says now it is getting so dark that if you don’t have Dark vision you won’t be able to see. Brinklehoff says we can fashion a torch. (1:48:22), we are looking to see if we can carry a torch.   Nightscar can carry a torch, I have 10 torches. We have to take one day away from rations. Nightscar gave Darra a torch so now he has 9 left. Nighscar has 8 days of rations left. (1:51:52). Now we are looking at the formation (1:52:00). We are in formation. (1:52:30). GM tells us what is happening now. GM says that KenKann can see a little more with his dark vision (1:53:15). GM says: The main passage from the cave mouth clims steeply upwared, the stream plunging and splashing down its west side. In the shaswos, a side passge leads west across the other side of the stream. KenKann rolled a perception 20-1 = 19. He sees a Goblin running from the right side of the bridge. Nighscar suggest we move up to the bridge and then look around. But then Darra points out there is an opeing on the left. GM says it is dark in there. KenKann moves up to the opening. We move our formation. GM says we see rubble but there is a drop. (1:57:24). GM says it is a very steep drop. Darra ask if we have to use rope. GM says it is enough if you were to lose your footing you would take advantage. Darra asked about rope. GM says you could use it. So KenKann is going down but the rope cannot be anchored. So Nightscar is going to hold the rope. GM says that water comes rushing in and is crashing into us. (I had to do another recording, the other one stopped at 2 hours). GM says that he needs, but then disconnected for a second because of echo). GM says we have to make a saving throw (0:02:12),  Dexterity, Darra, Elmendorf and Nighscar get swept down and we take damage (Darra (0:03:19) see how many hit points we took, Nightscar took 2 HP.  Darra says we are going to walk back to where we were. Torches are out, we are going to go back to the room and take a short rest. GM posted: In the shadows (0:05:052). Elmendorf rolled HD, so did Darra. Darra asked if there was any possibility of making our way up the pile of stuff in the room. We took a consensus and decided between the bridge or the chimney. (0:11:45, discussing where we are going to go). KenKann gave Darra a torch, so we are heading back to the opening, KenKann has a rope and Nightscar is holding the rope. Darra is next to us with the torch. Nightscar lowering KenKann down the opening. Kenkann is down and it drops again (0:14:15), with night vision he sees it goes down and then in a tunnel. Darra asked if the tunnel we can walk trhough or crawl through. GM says we can walk through it. Brinklehoff says we probably should not go this way (0:15:20). We pulled KenKann back up and went towards the bridge. See if we can see anything. We moved up past the bridge KenKann, Nightscar, Darra, Brinklehoff, Elmendorf. GM says; opens the map (0:20:45). circles some rocks, GM says that it looks like those rocks are not there anymore, that is what flooded us, and of course somebody had to trip the flood gates on us. What you see is three goblins. We have to roll initiative rolls. I rolled a 1 -1 = 0. GM could not see my roll, LOL. Goblin 5 rushes to the step and attacks KenKann with his smiytar and misses. They are all yelling something in Goblin. KenKann attacking Goblin 5 with Battleaxe, miss. Goblin 12 is next moves and fires his short bow at KenKann and it is a miss.  Goblin 9 is next, runs into position and he is not going to make an attack, he does not have a clear shot. Darra ask a question, is water already flat or at an incline next to KenKann, it is an incline so cannot stand in the water. GM says Darra can stand in the water. Darra has to give up her turn because she threw her torch down and she cannot see anything the GM says. Elmendorf is moving up next to Darra and Nightscar. Going to try Rare Frost, takes cold damage and speed reduced to 10 feet until Elmendorf next turn. It is a miss. Brinklehoff is next, going to use vicious mockery on Goblin 5,  but Goblin succeeded. Giving KenKann inspiration as a bonus. (0:32:00). GM let me get and light a torch all in one turn but could not move or attack. Goblin 5 misses. KenKann is next Hit Goblein 5. Goblin 12 and Goblin 9 misses. Darra is taking an action getting a torch from Nightscar. Darra hits with sacred flame and kills Goblin 5. Elmendorf is next, magic missles 2 to Goblin 12,  and 5 to Goblin 9. Goblin 12 is wounded. Goblin 9 is wounded. Brinklehoff is next, vicious mockery and Goblin 9 is heavily wounded. Nightscar killed Goblin 9. KenKann is moving up on Goblin 12. Attacking with Battleaxe, it is a miss. KenKann is going to use his inspiration 1d6, it hits so inspiration worked. Goblin 12 is dead. We moved up in the room by the water. GM says we cannot do a short rest so he is going to leave Fantasy Grounds up and he will look at XP later. 
